Hi everyone I am friends and welcome to
this new tutorial in this video vi
I will teach you to build a portal that is
active and deactivated to ours
will
and all this based on a lever then
let's see immediately how it worked
the lever is deactivated the portal
disabled
if the lever is activated, this is activated
that son torch is the portal is activated e
we try to disable it we turn off the
lever the portal deactivates the lash
it turns off and the beauty of it
portal is the beauty of this creation or
call it what you want it's that easy
to build so let's see
how to do it but above all of course there
need a portal and let's go with the
mirrors we build a portal without doing
the saving mode
now let's put in here I don't know who it is me
they call 2 dispenser portal holes
and I recommend not having to map to spencer
this way here
then we put a lever here and back
the lever we put the block any that
obviously you do n't have banana gloss and
let's put a recent piece on a piece that
I am here above a limit set at
second tic a repeat link to the first tic
a lock any rexton torch recite
and I remain a match with the peter al
third tic marton block and i don't know how
tell you guys but we've already finished
this is the greatest universal crap
never existed to be built in minecraft
yes in the sense relationship length and
quantity that I have to build because of
this is usually so cool
you get a casino instead look
here that cool and now let's see if
works in the left handouts
we have to put a bucket
of water while in the larders
now we have to put a lighter
now if we are particularly rich
we can put more lighters for
save it to reassure us that the portal
work as long as possible
now let's activate the lever here you see the
portal activates deactivates a lever e
as you can see the portal is deactivated now
for those like me who want to add the
indication torch which is not that
it has great utility, however, it is figure
see at this point simple then
we add the block above this ipt
above that a car is stuck here
let's put an area and block block
gladstone and peter pouring us put
in thor squa and we have already finished too
the action torch then we activate yes
activates the ariston torch activates the
portal disable we deactivate the
santos deactivates the portal is the
tutorial ends here already because that's all
here so I hope you enjoyed it and
maybe you wonder how it works
I usually don't do the video explanation
same but since it is so short
Let's do it then let's do what
it happens practically then we leave
immediately after the fact what happens when
let's activate a lever then that
activate the lever this piece is activated
that I am here and this I think I am here
activate this
oh well now I have destroyed a bit of everything
but I activate this cube here I don't know if
did you know but when I want to
this is what this active lesson is here
this cube therefore hypothetically if I
put a piston here you see that the
piston if you like just because the cube
is activated by the achieved then
we continue to destroy everything though
oh well they are things that happen of nothing
let's try to put everything away then
put a torch and put the rap
ater and let's see if we can fix something
ok perfect and so this e
switching
now let's move on to carefree then
turn on the water happens when
then we push part here up to the
stone torch is a kind of pulse leaf
meter but I'll show you what it's for
this step above all I will explain to you what it is
now the pass restricts it built in
this way here is the cube there is the red
dawn you have it so much that it will depend
second degree there repeats us to the first
degree is the cube and we do so and so
there is the torch
now the output but here and there would be
been dispensed so let's go and see
what happens when we deactivate the
lever
look at this very quickly
piece of age here is activated and yes
deactivate so it practically happens
that this torch here when we go
to deactivate the lever it is activated and yes
off for a fraction of a second
ft of Lazio and it happens that it goes to
activate this pantry here and with a little
of delay he goes to reactivate it there
I show without dispensations so you can
see clearly that it lights up first
this and then turn that vintages on
be careful
all new so this is for
activate pantry twice because if
we only activated it once
the water would just come out and we want to
that the water comes out to destroy the
portal because when the water comes out it does
so ta and destroy the portal and after
we want a split second
after the water re-enters then we give it a
second signal that reactivates the dispensations
and therefore to have the water withdrawn e
this is the simple operation of
I think this portal is rather
brilliant and for a long time I wanted
build such a man but not
I never had the chance because i
handouts did not have this functionality
so now they have it so let's take advantage of it
yes I hope you enjoyed the video if
you have not understood an explanation
tell me maybe I'll try to do it better
because I explained it very quickly
so I hope I was clear from
that point of view
and if you are interested if you are interested i
my tutorials sign up and see you
video